WARNING: THIS VIDEO CONTAINS LOUD VOLUMES
HELLO EVERYONE!
VIRTUAL YOUTUBER
KIZUNA AI HERE!
I’ve had a feeling,
is there anyone louder than me?
Right
Kizuna AI’s strongest weapon...
is her loud voice!
90dB = a dog barking
I see
A dog’s barking is pretty low huh?
A cicada’s chirp = 70dB
If you hear my voice, you’d faint
Heh
The victor of the loudest voice contest
is about 120dB
120dB is way too easy
With that said!
Now, I want to use this app that measures volume
Just how loud is... my noise level?
So,
for now,
if I were to simply shout
it wouldn’t be fun
I think I’ve decided a theme!
The first theme is:
“What made me happy recently!”
1.5 million subs!
Oh!
Huh?
113...?
Is this… broken?
Wait, maybe this theme isn’t right
From a happy topic
to an angry topic!
Surely that would be more powerful!
Let me try the challenge again, please!
Well, next is:
“The voice from my heart!”
You all keep saying “You’re out of ideas!” but...
I’m out of ideas!
119.5!
About 120!
SWEET!
Ah...
I got 122dB!
That was easy!
Yep!
That said, the result is:
122.6dB!
Well,
that was too easy!
Ah, y’know
to you who listened to such noise,
are your ears alright?
If you’re completely bothered by it,
visit an otolaryngologist♡
[Ear and nose specialist]
Just kidding
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
We need more translators!
Join our Discord for all Ai-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Loserbait, アイマール